I need two new buttons on the main Wordle Competitions web page:
1. Start a new round for a set of competitions.
2. Show the current round. 

Before you start changing any python files I want you to see if you can achieve this without touching the existing code.
Please let me know what you think.
However if the only file you need to change is config.py then that's ok. 


1. How Start a new round works...
When clicked the user should be prompted for a date and told the date format is yyDDMM eg 251205 for Dec 5 2025
Each round will have a set of competitors associated to it.
By default the competitors are the same as help in the config file.
If the user wants to change that they are presented with a list in the form of a text box. 
The user can add, delete or rename any of the competitors
The user can also assign each competitor to a team. 
The default is as held in the main config file.
But the user can change the competitors and teams at any time.
The user can also change the date at any time.
The user can also change the competitions that are associated with the round.
Each round can have many competitions associated with it. 
So the user has to select the competitions that are associated to the round from a drop down.
During the middle of a round, competitions may be added to the round by the user. 
Any change to the teams, competitors, date or competitions that are associated with the round will be stored in a separate config file (python) that is associated to the round.
This overrides the main config file.
The competitions will each start at the start of the round.
So far the only competitions supported is skins. But we will work together to add more competitions in the future.
For now the default is prepopulated for the user. The default is skins. 
There can be many rounds in progress at once so you have to track and calculate them. But to start we will only have 1 round in progress.
All the context for a round needs to be persisted as a round will last many weeks. 
For now store it in a human readable format in subfolders.
The subfolders will be named after the round's start date.
Each time a user wants to Show the results for a round then the system will be able to get all the context for the round and display it faithfully.




How Show the Current Round works...
When Clicked the user should be brought to a web page with all the scores for all the competitors for all the holes that have been played far.
We'll fill this out later





